RTCPeerConnection.connectionState and event tidy (#26397)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/index.md

{{APIRef('WebRTC')}}

The **`RTCPeerConnection`** interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer.
It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Constructor

- {{DOMxRef("RTCPeerConnection.RTCPeerConnection", "RTCPeerConnection()")}}

>   - : Returns a newly-created `RTCPeerConnection`, which represents a connection between the local device and a remote peer.

Reviewer: I've been corrected to use "newly-created".
```suggestion
  - : Returns a new`RTCPeerConnection`, representing a connection between the local device and a remote peer.
```

Author: Well, `new` is more succinct. Thanks for this!
